come
package is almost ready just a little
more
more confident get your defenses ready
six
back to him
you
tube down
well done I'm opening the laboratory
killer
what is this stuff knowledge a
birthright from an ancient civilization
this AI as its custodian and she has
chosen you as her couriers chosen by an
AI by this AI yes her measure of you
carries as much weight as my own perhaps
more you are to take her to the UNSC
shipbreaking yard in as odd there you'll
find a Halcyon class cruiser waiting to
get her off planet I understand do you
mankind is outmatched when reach falls
and it will fall our annihilation is all
but certain unless we can glean from
this artifact a defense against the
Covenant a game-changer on the level of
the conical bullet in the 19th century
or faster than light travel in the 23rd
and what if we can't an apt question if
there was somewhere else to place our
hope there is not
take it lieutenant she has made her
choice do you have it yes say the words
please I have it dr. Halsey noble three
will score your castle base I require no
escort commander jun make sure nothing
falls into enemy hands I'll do what's
necessary said good luck you two
rifleman
I need a heading dot at three kilometres
north turn like getting zero by zero
which words through the ship breaking
yards in his order the only off-planet
extraction point definite movement
small-scale air attacks are decimated
many convoys on route and our mother
covenant cruises is history this might
as well UNSC cruiser Billy reporter is
awaiting your arrival wouldn't be a
noble mission if it were easy
Oh